Update release guide (#40)
ai-coustics/aic-sdk-py: DEVELOPMENT.md

## Release Process

1. Create a new branch

> 2. Update version in `pyproject.toml` and `Cargo.toml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update version in `pyproject.toml` and run `uv lock` to update `uv.lock` file.
```

> 3. Run `cargo build` to update the `Cargo.lock` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update version also in `Cargo.toml` and run `cargo build` to update the `Cargo.lock` file.
```
